c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\CRUD.exe.config
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\CRUD.exe
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\CRUD.pdb
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\CRUD.xml
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.dll
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.GridView.dll
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.Themes.Material.dll
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.dll
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\TelerikCommon.dll
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.xml
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.GridView.xml
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.xml
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.FormPerson.resources
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.Resources.resources
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.exe.licenses
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.exe
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.xml
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.pdb
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\CRUD.exe.manifest
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\CRUD.application
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.exe.manifest
c:\users\glitch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.application
C:\Users\Glitch\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VBNET_CRUD\CRUD\bin\Debug\CRUD.exe.config
C:\Users\Glitch\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VBNET_CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.exe
C:\Users\Glitch\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VBNET_CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.xml
C:\Users\Glitch\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VBNET_CRUD\CRUD\obj\Debug\CRUD.pdb
